* Welcome
   * Message from Lamont
   * Message from Traino

* Who we are
   * We are the Naval Academy Cyber Security Team and we made this to help you learn how to do cool things with computers. 
   * Our team has gone by many names, but one of our favorite's is Roppers Academy.
   
   * Grace Hopper
      * You may have heard of Grace Hopper before because the Cyber Center is going to be named after her. 
         * Read this http://www.biography.com/people/grace-hopper-21406809
         * Google what a compiler is and write two or three sentences on why that was so important for the advancement of computing.
    
      * Have you ever heard the quote, “It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.”? That was her
      * This quote comes from an interview in the July 1986 CHIP’s Ahoy Magazine, the Department of the Navy’s Information Technology Magazine. She was at the cutting edge then and it is a testament to her vision how well this interview stands up to the test of time. Her passion for knowledge and innovation is the most important thing you can carry with you.
         * Read This
            * http://www.doncio.navy.mil/chips/ArticleDtails.aspx?id=3563
            * Write two or three sentences on how she viewed the impact of computers on the world.
	    
   * ROP
      * While you may know what Hopper's meant, it is very unlikely that you have ever heard of ROP, or Return Oriented Programming before, and that is perfectly fine. Return-oriented programming (ROP) is a computer security exploit technique that allows an attacker to execute code in the presence of security defenses such as non-executable memory (W xor X technique) and code signing by chaining together executes carefully chosen machine instruction sequences to get control of the stack...
      * Don't worry; none of that should have meant anything to you. While many other sites that attempt to teach this material pre-suppose a great deal of knowledge, we take a different approach to make this challenging subject as approachable as possible. For all of the great resources out there, and all of the incredible pieces of training, nothing walks a complete beginner all the way through the process of developing a strong foundation in the fundamentals. Everyone wants to learn how to do stuff, but very quickly they realize that there is no way for them to learn everything. They’re not wrong, the vast and constantly expanding body of knowledge about this field makes it impossible for anyone to keep up. But what is most important for the beginner to realize is that with the proper knowledge of the fundamentals and a firm grasp on the hacker mentality, that irrepressible drive to learn and to do, nothing is too complex for them to learn if they put the time in. By managing new learners’ expectations of themselves, providing constant quantified feedback on their progress, and bringing them into the community, Roppers Academy is designed to minimize dropout rate while providing the best first hundred hours of a cyber security education possible.
   
    * Our core Tenets: 
	    * No initial expectation of knowledge
	    * Everyone moves at their own pace
	    * Understanding foundational theory comes before building technical skills
	    * Developing fundamental technical skills lays the groundwork for success in any topic
	    * Knowledge must be actionable
	    * The measure of a community is how they treat those who are trying to gain entry
   
   * Anytime something on this site doesn't seem to be matching up with our core tenets, let us know so we can fix it.
      * So what is ROP? All you need to know right now is that it is an advanced exploitation technique which beats advanced defenses by chaining together code which was already in a program in order to perform unexpected malicious behavior which gives an attacker control. 
      That definition is good enough for now, but if you stick around with us soon enough you will know what it means and eventually you will be writing exploits of your own.

      
* What is “hacking”?
   * The etymology of the word “hack” is very complicated, and anywhere you go you will find some slight disagreements. This is the most concise article you can find on the subject.
      * http://www.newyorker.com/tech/elements/a-short-history-of-hack
   * Defining the word “hacker” is difficult for all of the reasons previously mentioned, luckily this site decided to use 8 in order to hit them all. Catb is the online repository of the Jargon File, a (slightly outdated, from the '90s) comprehensive compendium of hacker slang illuminating many aspects of hackish tradition, folklore, and humor. Anytime you see a piece of slang you don’t know, Catb will have the widely agreed upon definition.
      * Definitions of “Hacker”
            * http://www.catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/H/hacker.html
      * "Playful cleverness" and "hack value"
   
      * Write your own definition for “hack” in two sentences.
    
       * In 2-3 sentences, summarize what you think it means to be a hacker. 
    * Hacking, to most people means breaking into things, and that's not wrong really. While some people might try to claim that is cracking, the ship has sailed. We are going to be teaching you how to do cool things with computers, particularly in regards to security, and very often, that is going to overlap with the true meaning of being a hacker. 	    

* Intro. Wrapup
   * "Give me a long enough lever and a place to stand on"
   * We do cool things
      * Work with NSA
      * Hack YikYak
      * Make open source contributions
      * Change the world
   * We built this world, we're responsible for fixing it
   
   * Also it is fun as shit
   * -deevNull

     
