* Introduction to Our Community
   
   * Content
         * This curriculum was created based on inputs from members of the great classes of '15, '16, '17, and '18. We put this curriculum together by aggregating all of the guides on how to become successful in information security, took what we thought was important, added things of our own, and personalized it for the Academy. This is the first iteration of the curriculum online and it should change drastically as we see what does and doesn't work.
	 
   * Feedback 
      * As mentioned, this is the first year we are doing this online, so there will be plenty of issues to iron out. When you run into problems, whether that is poor instructions, typos, or broken links, let someone know and we can probably fix it immediately. In addition, we will be collecting feedback from you after every section to allow us to refine and improve the experience for the people to come after you.

      * The success of this site is entirely dependent on feedback from people like you, so when we ask for feedback, we would really, really appreciate thoughtful, critical feedback.
      
   * Support
      * One of the primary benefits of us hosting our training online is that we will be able to let anyone access the material and learn at their own pace. Not everyone who wants to learn can go to all the meetings, so this site is designed to allow anyone, whether they are on the Cyber Security Team, are in Plebe Cyber, or just want to learn something interesting to follow the curriculum and get real time support from our teachers and mentors. We are here to help, whether you work on this at team practice, during plebe chem, or late at night, and your questions will always get answered. We have a few simple mechanisms for support built into the site, starting with instant messaging, but we also have forums and a Slack channel. We'll introduce all of those to you later in this section. 

      * We're also going to go over how to ask questions in the next section, but overall, just remember that you have a ton of people who are here to help you learn and that the more questions you ask, the better.
	  
   * Community Guidelines
      * Read our community guidelines, and submit the pdf agreement saying you will abide by them. You will probably never see this agreement again, but if you engage in any activity that violates our community rules, someone will send you it back to you as a gentle reminder. Our principles are fairly simple, and underpin the basis of our site. 
  
   * This isn't Nam, there are rules
       * Unsurprisingly, you will learn some things that could be used to do bad things. You might not think they're bad things at the time, and they might seem like funny pranks, but the laws against hacking are very vague.

       * In the US, the law that surrounds this stuff is the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. Basically, all you need to know is that every computer is a protected computer and that it is a crime to intentionally access a computer without authorization or exceed authorized access.
          * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Fraud_and_Abuse_Act

       * Exceed authorized access is a real sticky subject, and it has led to a bunch of terrible prosecutions. To stay on the safe side, only access computers you own, or have written consent to access. You're lucky, because we have an entire network of training computers you can do whatever you want on. A lot of people don't, and that's where they get in trouble while trying to learn. 

      * It should also be mentioned that copyright law is also a good way to get in trouble, not to mention that if you see software to pirate on the internet, it is very unlikely that it doesn't contain malware. Just don't steal things, we can almost always get a copy of whatever you want, it just might take some paperwork.
      
       * Naval Academy Rules
       While there are real world rules, you are much more likely to get in trouble for breaking Naval Academy rules. But don't sit around and curse ITSD for doing their jobs, don't do dumb things on the academy network and get fried. 

There are two relevant regulations for Academy rules: 

Read this: MIDREGS 5.3 COMPUTER USE AND REGULATIONS 

Also, read this: 04.07 Inappropriate use of computer or government network.

What level conduct offense is 04.07?
          * MIDREGS 5.3 COMPUTER USE AND REGULATIONS 
	  
	     * https://www.usna.edu/Commandant/Directives/Instructions/5000-5999/COMDTMIDNINST-5400.6T-MIDSHIPMEN-REGULATIONS-MANUAL.pdf
	     * 04.07 Inappropriate use of computer or government network. Major
	        * https://www.usna.edu/Commandant/Directives/Instructions/1000-1999/COMDTMIDNINST-1610.2H-ADMINISTRATIVE-PERFORMANCE-AND-CONDUCT-SYSTEM.pdf
	     * Spoofed email    
                Spoofing emails is easy, fun, and seemingly harmless.

Go and send yourself one from this site: https://emkei.cz/

Alright, got it? Sweet.

This is a very brief cautionary tale. 

A few years ago, someone on this team was playing around with email spoofing and sent his friend an email from the Supe. The problem was, his roomate replied, and sent an email back to the Supe's actual email. 

So now the Supe sees an email, seemingly sent by him, that he never sent. So ITSD gets called, they do a full investigation, and they find the person who did it. 

He gets a major, and that's not fun at all, but he also got banned from participating on the team, had issues with security clearances, and had difficulties with service selection. It was a dumb prank that had some serious repercussions. 

So think about this question before you do anything funny:
"In a  worst case scenario, do I feel confident I can convince an admiral that what I did was an innocent joke?" 

If you aren't confident of that, don't do it.

          * Honor Code
       * Our rules
	  * Anything you get in trouble for above, we don't like that to. 
	  * We represent the Naval Academy, might be highest vis ECA on yard
	  * Don't forget about the Honor Concept either. Just because we are learning how to lie, cheat, and steal, doesn't mean that is something you can do in real life. 

          * Social engineering is something you'll hear about a lot, but it is just a fancy way to say lying well. We will teach you about it a little bit, and give you a few social engineering tasks, but all of those will be very much controlled and safe. 

          * We might be the highest visibility ECA on the yard, and our competitions get a pretty reasonable amount of press. You might hear people say that there is no such thing as cheating in a hacking competition. Those people are wrong. Competitions are contrived ways to teach and measure skill, so there will be ways to "beat" the game. If you are doing something that feels like cheating, you're cheating. If someone on the team is trying to convince everyone to do something unsportsmanlike, call them out on it, even if it seems like the easy or smart thing to do. The last thing you want to have is an article on the NSA website talking about how your team lost points for cheating in a competition (Looking at you, Coast Guard Academy). 

          * Another important note: One of the key ideas of hacking is that you don't rewrite code that already exists. That is fundamentally at odds with intro to programming classes. Don't copy code, and if you, make sure you cite the ever living hell out of it. Talk to your teacher if you ever have a question.

          * You represent the team, so if you do dumb things, it's a reflection of us. Be a good person, and don't let anything get in the way of being an honorable future officer. 


* Yeah, our network isnt blocked. Dont watch porn or pirate shit. Just allllll sorts of malware.
   * In case someone hasn't told you yet, we have our own dedicated internet connection that does not have any of Ward Hall's filters on it. If you haven't come by yet, that should be reason enough. 

   * Just because there are no filters doesn't mean there are no rules though. Read and fill out our Warroom Internet Access Agreement form before joining for the first time. 

   * Basically, don't pirate stuff, and don't watch porn, you weirdos. The lack of filters is so we can go on sketchy sites and download all the malware and tools we want without Ward Hall having an aneurysm. Sure you can play video games and whatever, but don't be violating copyrights or human decency. 
   * Fill out and submit our version of the SAARN form.
   * Someone will make you an account on our domain. 


       
   * Slack
      * Instant group messaging has been a cultural staple of the internet community since its inception, as it is truly one of the most important functions that global interconnectedness can serve. In the beginning there was email, then bulletin boards systems (BBS), then Internet Relay Chat (IRC). Finally, there was Slack.

      * Slack has become the IRC replacement, allowing group collaboration and real time chat along with logs and file hosting integration. We use it for many of our conversations, and as our primary instant messaging channel

      * Join our channel at https://usnacst.slack.com/ and post a hello! Choose a handle for yourself that isn't your Alpha, we'll help you come up with something good eventually. 

      * Then submit two or three sentences on how you can use instant messaging to learn.
      
      
         * Visit freenode IRC: IRC or Internet Relay Chat has served as the de facto messaging service and is still the favorite among old school purists. It is characterized by its lack of login information and the temporal nature of it’s posts due to only seeing posts that occur after you join a channel. 
         * https://webchat.freenode.net/
            * Screenshot of your post
        
   * Forums
      * Forums hold a special place in the heart of many hackers, as massive repositories of knowledge and centers of community. We have our own forum that we use for tutorials, long form discussion, and questions.
         * Let us know you are joining the community, make a “Hello, World!” post on our forum so that people can come and greet you! 
         * Screenshot of hello world post
   * Mentor
      * Mentors are essential, and everyone here is available to be a mentor. If you have someone or a few people you want to be your mentor, submit their name(s). 

      * If you don't know anyone, don't worry about it, submit any criteria you might have and we'll find someone who can help you out with whatever questions you have. 
	 
   * Find a Partner
      * Everything is more fun when you have someone to do it with. You will be assigned someone (or a bunch of people) as your partner by your mentor, and you will work with them as you move forward in this process. We will hot swap partners as we go along. This doesn't mean you're done with them forever (unless you want to be), it just means you have another person to work with.
         * Submit who your partner is
	 
   * Twitter
      * Unsurprisingly, information security Twitter is a very exciting place. In the modern age, where information flows at the speed of light, Twitter is the place to be if you want to stay informed and on the cutting edge. It is a firehose of information, so you want to start off following only a few accounts. This list has been curated to only include must follows with a range of jobs that will provide insight into what is happening around the web. 
      * Remember, this twitter will be able to be associated with you, even if you want to stay pseudo-anonymous. Keep it fun and professional.
         * Create a "professional" twitter, follow list
	 * Submit your twitter handle
	 
   * GitHub
      * A major part of hacker culture is the idea of open source technology. GitHub is the modern center of the open source community, providing free hosting for millions of projects. In fact, you might have noticed this site is hosted by GitHub! A great deal of hacker cred is based around the things you create and release to the public, and the best way to do that is on GitHub. 
      * Intro to Open Source
         * https://opensource.com/resources/what-open-source
 
      * Create an account
         * https://github.com/
	 
      * GitHub Student is an incredible offer that gives college students a starter pack of basically everything they could ever need to get started with any aspect of computing, from text editors to cloud hosting and more. With this you can make websites, rent cloud servers, and get a ton of other really cool stuff that can teach you a ton. 

       * Apply for this incredible gift pack: https://education.github.com/pack
	 
