* Learning the Hacker Mindset

   * This stuff is hard
      * Doing cool things with computers is less of a technical challenge and more of an attitude and a willingness to work hard and teach yourself what you need to know in order to succeed in whatever you are trying to do. Our curriculum here is meant to give you the basic tools you will need to understand the challenges you face, but solving them is going to be on you. We'll be honest, this isn't easy. This isn't something that will take you a month or two to get the hang of. One of the primary curses of doing cool shit with computers is that each time you learn something, you immediately realize a new pile of things that you do not know. There's nothing wrong with not knowing things, and no one could ever expect you to. Even "experts" will only know a small slice of the greater field that is doing cool things with computers. Expecting anyone to be good at everything is ridiculous, but it is even more ridiculous for anyone to think a beginner should know everything or really, anything. There's  a lot of acronyms, slang, in-jokes, and domain specific knowledge. But if you can stick with and complete this course, you will be armed with the baseline knowledge and attitude you need to be able to learn anything. It will take a year or two before you get comfortable and stop feeling totally lost every day, but then you'll just start working on harder problems and you'll wind up more confused than you could imagine being now. Being good at computering is a long term process of reinforcing and building on the basic knowledge we will teach you in this course, and it will never end until you decide the computers have won. 
      * Don't let the computers win, and keep learning everything you can.
      
   * We are trying to brainwash you
      * As we said before, hacking is a mindset, not a skillset. Sure you'll pick up plenty of useful skills along the way, but the primary benefit of the hacker mentality is being able to look at the world, see a problem you've never approached before, and figure out how to solve it. We are trying to cultivate that mindset, and yes, we are going to try to subtly brainwash you. We're not sorry about it. Genuine interest and drive are the two best indicators of success in this field, and we want to encourage it as much as we possibly can. How do we teach that? How do we measure that? We don't know. If we were pretentious losers we might say we're trying to hack your brain into becoming a hacker. But we're not. So lets call it brainwashing.      
     
* Hacker How To
   * This is the “Hacker How-To”. It isn’t perfect, but it is good enough until we try to write something to replace it.
      * Read This 
         * http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html
            1. The world is full of fascinating problems waiting to be solved.
               * Write 4-6 sentences on your interpretation of the last sentence in part one of the Hacker Attitude, “(You also have to develop a kind of faith in your own learning capacity — a belief that even though you may not know all of what you need to solve a problem, if you tackle just a piece of it and learn from that, you'll learn enough to solve the next piece — and so on, until you're done.)”
            2. No problem should ever have to be solved twice.
	       * Documentation... someone has already done this
	       * Black Box vs White Box vs Grey box
	       * Think outside the box
            3. Boredom and drudgery are evil.
            4. Freedom is good.
            5. Attitude is no substitute for competence.
	    
   * These 5 statements provide a reasonable framework for how you should approach learning this material. It should be fun, we shouldn't be wasting your time, there should be multiple ways for you to succeed, and we are measuring success by your ability at the end. Make sure you've really read through the post and the write 4-6 sentences on your interpretation of the last sentence in part one of the Hacker Attitude, “(You also have to develop a kind of faith in your own learning capacity — a belief that even though you may not know all of what you need to solve a problem, if you tackle just a piece of it and learn from that, you'll learn enough to solve the next piece — and so on, until you're done.)”
   


* Hacker Ethic
      * "Hacker Ethic"
      * http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hacker-ethic.html* Little Text about it
   
  From the same site as the Hacker How-To comes this brief description of the hacker ethic. Eventually I'll write something else, but for now this is good enough. 

Read it: http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hacker-ethic.html

It breaks the hacker ethic into two main beliefs: 

1. The belief that information-sharing is a powerful positive good, and that it is an ethical duty of hackers to share their expertise by writing open-source code and facilitating access to information and to computing resources wherever possible.

2. The belief that system-cracking for fun and exploration is ethically OK as long as the cracker commits no theft, vandalism, or breach of confidentiality.

A longer version of the hacker ethic comes from the famous book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution that you probably should read someday. 

The wikipedia article is pretty good so read it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_ethic

They come out to 5 key beliefs:

1. Access to computers—and anything which might teach you something about the way the world works—should be unlimited and total. Always yield to the Hands-On Imperative!

2. All information should be free

(Often a topic of debate, he means free as in speech, rather than free as in beer) 

3. Mistrust authority—promote decentralization

4. Hackers should be judged by their hacking, not bogus criteria such as degrees, age, race, or position.

5. You can create art and beauty on a computer.

The concept of "hack value" is doing something that is worth doing because of the "playful cleverness" required. 

6.  Computers can change your life for the better


Write a few sentences on what matters in the hacker ethic.


* Optional Resources
   * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_culture
   * http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc1392.txt
   

* How to Ask Questions
 * One of the key parts of this mindset is sharing knowledge with others. A great quote on the subject is 'There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.'  Not to mention, the more you give back to the community, the higher your value. If you're just starting off, you might not think you have anything to provide, but in fact, you're looking at the world with a different perspective than someone who has done it for years. For example, you can provide feedback on when training makes no sense or isn't as effective as it could be, and help make it easier for the next person to go through it. 

* With that said, you're definitely going to have questions. There are nearly infinite resources out there, and it is rare that you wind up doing something no one has ever done before. If you think you are there, make a post in the forum so we can all look for resources, and congratulations. Before that you have google and people here to help you, and we will always try to help in any way that we can. One of the worst things about hacker culture is this idea that someone should “Read the Man-Pages” or “RTFM”. Man-pages are the manuals that accompany various programs and functions on the Unix operating system, and they are a great resource for people who have spent years learning how to understand them. Right now, you don’t have the knowledge to be expected to understand how they work, and that is fine. There is no pressure to know anything, but there is pressure to learn. 

Xkcd is a nerd cultural treasure and you will see it referenced constantly. Remember, you don’t have to get them all, when you are not sure, there is http://www.explainxkcd.com. Read this comic, and hover your mouse over it to get the alt-text. Submit what the alt-text tells you to do. 
   
   * There are very very few questions you are going to ask that Google can't answer. But sometimes your questions might be a little too vague to make sense, or you don't really know what you are trying to find out.

   * Luckily, you have people here who can help you. 

   * One of the best questions you can ask is for search terms on a subject. That way they don't have to spend time explaining it, and you get all the benefits of doing the research yourself.
      * Answer a question with 2 sentences, using these search terms.
      * **NEEDS QUESTIONS**
   
   
   
 This guy is a bit of a jerk, but he has good content. We're not as mean as him, and I'll write something better eventually.

Read this: http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html

You can private message us, post on the forum, throw it on Slack, whatever. Just show you tried ahead of time and no one will ever get annoyed, because there is really no such thing as a bad question, just one you haven't researched enough. 

If you're in person, just ask. It's faster than googling and you'll get more out of it. 

We already told you what RTFM stood for, so now we're gonna have you do it. 


Visit this man-page and write down the first five things you don’t understand. Then google them and figure out what they are. Submit 5 sentences explaining the 5 things you didn’t know. For the love of everything, don’t read any further once you are done with that. Remember Rule 3 of the Hacker Attitude, “Boredom and Drudgery are evil.” If you're not getting anything out of something, don't do it, and leave us feedback that we are wasting your time.

* Pre-Assesment
   * We have some theories about what makes someone good at computering, and we want you to be unofficial guineua pigs. We originally wanted to try to measure personality traits and problem solving ability, but we decided that was a lot of work and weird privacy wise. We might add it in the future, but for now we just want to ask a few questions so that we can help to personalize your experience and determine what works and what doesn't work for various types of students. This might take 10 minutes, but it is really going to help us improve the course. We will ask for feedback constantly, because we want to make this better.
   
      * Questions
	   * What is your fav subject
	   * What is your least fav subject
	   * What is your class year?
	   * What is your major (or intended major)
	   * What is your top 3 for service selection?
 	   
	   * How do you like to learn?
	   * How do you not like to learn?
	   
	   * What do you do in your spare time
	   
	   * Where did you hear about this?
	   * Why do you want to take this?
	   * How much time do you have to commit to this daily?
	   * Do you play any sports or are in any other ECAs?
	   * What are you trying to get out of this?
	   * What is your prior knowledge? ?
	   * How comfortable are you being bad at things?
	   
	   * What are your expectations for this course?
	   * What are your expecations for teachers?
	   * Anything else you want to say?
    
* Continuous learning
   
   * Learning this stuff isn't easy. The content is difficult, the scope of what there is to learn is tremendous, and the rate of innovation and change in this space makes keeping up seemingly impossible. If you are thinking right now that you'll never learn everything; you're right! There is an infinite amount to learn, so choose the stuff that interests you and learn that. This course is intended to give you a general base of knowledge so that you can succeed with anything you do, but if you want to be great you have to love what you're doing and keep getting after it. 
   
       * For the rest of your time computering, maintain a series of lists. I recommend a Google Sheets file with a bunch of tabs. These are just a few we recommend, I'm sure you'll make more.
          * Questions you don't know the search terms for
	  * Questions that google can't answer
	  * Things you want to learn how to do
          * Things you want to learn more about
          * Things you want to make or help make
          * Things you want to tell other people about or write about
          * Potential future reading material  
	  * Links to things you want to remember
      * Make a copy of this file (SHARED)
      
      * We will do our absolute best to help you keep these lists short. There will be section in the forums for random questions, from ELI5 style to "Make me a tutorial", or you can always just private message it, or put it up in Slack.  
